I want to thank you all for being here
and I have to say I think with social
distancing that the media has been much
nicer I don't know what it is all these
empty fees in between chairs we probably
shouldn't have anybody sitting behind
you either you know I should probably go
back but I love it it's so much nicer
but I shouldn't say that because you'll
get me now this was something that
happened that was some people would say
an act of God I don't view it as an act
of God I would view it as something that
just surprised the whole world and if
people would have known about it it
could have stopped been stopped in place
it could have been stopped right where
it came from China if we would have
known about it if they would have known
about it but now the whole world almost
is inflicted with this horrible with
this horrible virus and it's too bad
it's too bad as we race to develop a
vaccine we're also pursuing antiviral
therapies and that's what really we're
going to be talking to you about today
that's the purpose of being up here
today and to me that's even more
importantly vaccine by its nature you
have to have long tests because you have
to make sure what goes into somebody's
body is not going to do destruction do
bad things so you need long tests and
they're doing great with the vaccines
but there's still a long process but the
therapies are something we can move on
much faster potentially I just want to
be clear about this Ramez aveer is going
through the normal process we are using
our internal processes at FDA to set up
with the company the protocols to
actually collect the data and you're
right we need to actually know about the
safety and the effectiveness and that's
done through the clinical trial process
we know many of you are home practicing
the president's guidelines for social
distancing but one thing we should all
consider especially our Millennials in
Gen Z is donating blood social
distancing does not have to mean social
disengagement
so give blood today you'll feel good
about it and you'll be helping your
country and your community during this
crisis I don't know if they're sitting
like you people are sitting you're
actually sitting too close
you should really we should probably get
rid of about another 75 80 percent of
you I'll have just two or three that I
like in this room I think that's a great
way of doing it we just begin a new way
of doing it but you're actually much too
close Yukie it amazes me when I read the
things that I read it amazes me when I
read The Wall Street Journal which is
always so negative it amazes me when I
read the New York Times is not even I
don't I barely read it you know we don't
distribute it in the White House anymore
in the same thing with the Washington
Post because you see I know the truth